














































 "Everything negative – pressure, challenges – is all an opportunity for me to rise." — Kobe Brya


 "I like criticism. It makes you strong." — LeBron Jam


 "You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak." ― George Cloon


 "Life imposes things on you that you can’t control, but you still have the choice of how you’re going to live through this." — Celine Di


 "Life is never easy. There is work to be done and obligations to be met – obligations to truth, to justice, and to liberty." — John F. Kennedy (JFK Quote


 "Live for each second without hesitation." — Elton Jo


 "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." — Albert Einste


 "Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated." — Confuci


 "Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." — Helen Kell


 "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." — Steve Jo


 "My mama always said, life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get." — Forrest Gump (Forrest Gump Quote


 "Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny."— Lao-T


 "When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life or the life of another." — Helen Kell


 "The healthiest response to life is joy." — Deepak Chop


 "Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once." — Lillian Dicks


 "The best portion of a good man's life is his little nameless, unencumbered acts of kindness and of love." — Wordswor


 "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." ― Robert Fro


 “Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.” — Charles Swindo


 “Keep calm and carry on.” — Winston Churchi


 “Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars.” — Jack Kerou


 “Life is a flower of which love is the honey.” — Victor Hu


 “Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.” — Marilyn Monr


 “Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.” — Budd


 “You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.” — Dr. Seu


 “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.” — Mark Twa


 “Life would be tragic if it weren’t funny.” — Stephen Hawki


 “Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.” — Ralph Waldo Emers


 “The greatest pleasure of life is love.” — Euripid


 “Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.” — Grandma Mos


 “Life’s tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late.” — Benjamin Frankl


 "Life is about making an impact, not making an income." — Kevin Kru


 "I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." – Michael Jord


 "Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." – Babe Ru
 

 "The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." – Mark Twa


 "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." – Anais N


 "When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life." – John Lenn


 "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." – Les Bro


 "I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine." —Neil Armstron


  "Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." —Mahatma Gand


 "If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person." —Bill Clint


 "Life is short, and it is here to be lived." —Kate Winsle


 "The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes." —Frank Lloyd Wrig


 "Every moment is a fresh beginning." —T.S. Eli


 "When you cease to dream you cease to live." —Malcolm Forb


 "If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine." —Morris We


 "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." —Dr. Seus


 "If you can do what you do best and be happy, you're further along in life than most people." —Leonardo DiCapr


 "We should remember that just as a positive outlook on life can promote good health, so can everyday acts of kindness." —Hillary Clint


 "Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve." —Mary Kay As


 "It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." —J. K. Rowli


  "If you're not stubborn, you'll give up on experiments too soon. And if you're not flexible, you'll pound your head against the wall and you won't see a different solution to a problem you're trying to solve." —Jeff Bez


 "The best way to predict your future is to create it." — Abraham Linco


 "You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." —Michael Jord


 "Identity is a prison you can never escape, but the way to redeem your past is not to run from it, but to try to understand it, and use it as a foundation to grow." —Jay


 "There are no mistakes, only opportunities." —Tina F


 "It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently." —Warren Buffe


 "As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others." —Audrey Hepbu


 "Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others." —Ellen DeGener


 "You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty." —Mahatma Gandh


 “All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.” – Ralph Waldo Emers


 “Here’s to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes … the ones who see things differently — they’re not fond of rules … You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them, but the only thing you can’t do is ignore them because they change things … They push the human race forward, and while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius …” – Steve Jo


 “It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.” – Leonardo Da Vin


 "Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.” — Will Smi


 "Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment."– Budd


 "Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor." – Sholom Aleich


 "If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of." – Bruce L


 When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us. – Alexander Graham Be


 "Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway." — Anonymo


 "Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life." – Omar Khayy


 “Happiness is the feeling that power increases — that resistance is being overcome.” — Friedrich Nietzsc


 “I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than in attempting to satisfy them.” — John Stuart Mi


 “The secret of happiness, you see is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less.”-Socrat


 “The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.” — Confuci


 “The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”— Sene


 “Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.” — Henry David Thore


 “When it is obvious that goals can’t be reached, don’t adjust the goals, but adjust the action steps.” — Confuci